Add Saline specialized guide (#3549)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/specialized-guides/pages/salt/salt-large-scale-tuning.adoc

For installations with more than 1000 clients per {productname} Server, adequate hardware sizing and parameter tuning must be performed.

For more information on managing large scale deployments, see xref:specialized-guides:large-deployments/overview.adoc[].

> It's recommended to monitor {salt} event bus in the large scale deployments with xref:salt/salt-monitoring.adoc#saline[Saline] to identify possible bottlenecks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to monitor the {salt} event bus in the large scale deployments with xref:salt/salt-monitoring.adoc#saline[Saline] to identify possible bottlenecks.
```
